---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "management-v1alpha1_grpc_server_list Data Source - management-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# management-v1alpha1_grpc_server_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) GRPCServerSpec defines the desired state of GRPCServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) GRPCServerStatus defines the observed state of GRPCServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the gRPC server.
- `gnmi_server` (Attributes) gNMI server specific configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--gnmi_server))
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure (non-TLS) connections to the gRPC server.
- `max_concurrent_streams` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent streams for the gRPC server.
- `metadata_authentication` (Boolean) Enable metadata authentication for the gRPC server.
- `port` (Number) Port for the gRPC server to listen on.
- `rate_limit` (Number) Rate limit for the gRPC server.
- `router` (String) Router to associate the server with.
- `router_kind` (String) The Kind of the router for the server.
- `router_selector` (List of String) Selects router resources based on the defined Kind.  Applies to DefaultRouter only. Not supported for Router and ManagementRouter.
- `services` (List of String) Enabled gRPC services.
- `session_limit` (Number) Maximum number of gRPC sessions.
- `tls_profile` (String) TLS profile name.
- `yang_models` (String) YANG models to be used by the gRPC server.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--gnmi_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.gnmi_server`

Optional:

- `auto_save` (Boolean) Enable auto-save of configuration changes made via gNMI.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `down_servers` (Attributes List) List of down GRPC servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--down_servers))
- `health` (Number) Health score of the gRPC server.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when the gRPC server last changed state.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the gRPC server.
- `services` (List of String) Enabled services on the gRPC server.

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--down_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.down_servers`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--down_servers--nodes))
- `router` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--down_servers--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.down_servers.nodes`

Read-Only:

- `node_name` (String)
- `operating_system` (String)
