---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "management-v1alpha1_http_server Data Source - management-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# management-v1alpha1_http_server (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) name of the HTTPServer
- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `hash` (String) resource content will be returned as it was at the time of this git hash
- `spec` (Attributes) HTTPServerSpec defines the desired state of HTTPServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) HTTPServerStatus defines the observed state of HTTPServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Boolean) Enable authentication for the HTTP(s) server.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the HTTP API server.
- `port` (Number) Port for the server to listen on.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the protocol to use.
- `router` (String) Router to associate the server with.
- `router_kind` (String) The Kind of the router for the server.
- `router_selector` (List of String) Selects router resources based on the defined Kind.  Applies to DefaultRouter only. Not supported for Router and ManagementRouter.
- `session_limit` (Number) Maximum number of HTTP(s) sessions.
- `tls_profile` (String) TLS profile name to use with HTTPS protocol.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `down_servers` (Attributes List) List of down HTTP servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--down_servers))
- `health` (Number) Health score of the HTTP server.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) Indicates when the HTTP server last changed state.
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the HTTP server.

<a id="nestedatt--status--down_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.down_servers`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--down_servers--nodes))
- `router` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--status--down_servers--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.down_servers.nodes`

Read-Only:

- `node_name` (String)
- `operating_system` (String)
